but so it's all up for grabs here in
round three the pride on the line here
in the sport of running against the
sport of Australian football and they
don't like each other they sure don't
George
oh there we go
[Applause]
[Music]
country club here in the village
stand still
[Applause]
punch like that
[Music]
I don't know if he's up for talking he
was just destroyed by literally landed
probably the stip that's the biggest
punch we've ever say it is it is the
best seven years
we heard anyway in round one it's
assumed he was he aggressive didn't get
laid tonight
for me it's all about that final plan
she probably saw this he immediately
called for paramedics to tell us what
happened what's going here to
lords-master mom
[Applause]
knocking remember you can shout Wow
zorga the great
[Music]
[Applause]